car wash
the glory of which fell asleep on the map such a widget
only internet
despite all the attempts in the hall and
make the child learn more often children
skip class and take asshole them
dodges work parents wonder
how is it that their talented children
suddenly hated school and his
performance deteriorates every year
why in childhood diligent and
neat day so do home
replacement and about early doses
launched school programs
why kids don't want to study project
today's show is not the first year
successfully engaged student and
follower of the national teacher of the USSR
Viktor Shatalova Shalva Amonashvili
deputy center manager
education yuri
modern threats
creates an atmosphere and therefore if
make an excellent mark for which you
also pastors that if those who do not
indifferent
poverty here is this blackboard
the universal emphasis on her looks girls
watch buddy pido que nobody
says that it is necessary to close your eyes and that
the level will stand evaluation and he has emptiness
and this void using
sticks to similar views
Head of the Center for Education named
Victoria but
Stream Michael Dmitrievich in that assessment
should not be the goal of learning confidently
victoria's ideological center
this professor in Aleksandrovich a
dark bearded picture with milking
boy comes home he lowered
head so holding Shumkov
and there still his skates see he loot with
these kanta so we can school
missed but came in one lesson
deuce immediately put him passed 5 cabins
maybe the husband died in the war only a woman
one date wright three children from the eldest
she is a pioneer it is celebrated but such
but brother brat does not study shame
and the mother is sitting here heartbroken
and what is almost like subtext is for anyone
this picture is drawn by someone took some
author and post this picture tutorials
Grade 5 is a nickname and as if talking to children
answer children what can happen to you
get the rack get so it's a basket
for children it is written is written for me
for you too for your three children
it is written that I saw there also
child can not be taken
take like this dog like
takes the child
the system is compressed and amonashvili is not
used in schools press
efficiency heavy matter I can with
this is what I told the time
Viktor Yurievich
difficult children do not have this phrase said
my teachers today
companion honored teacher and quarrel
Nipples winner Viktor Fedorovich Shatalov
said after working in the colony for
minors
teach teen geometry there
convicted of murder robbery robbery
Are our children more difficult?
pupils column spin
it means they can and want to study a lot
just how to teach